Docs for tenants, tiers & companies (#37)
team-plain/docs: pages/attachments.mdx

# File Attachments

> When using Plain's API to send emails or create an [Event](https://www.plain.com/docs/events-setup), you can add file attachments.

Author: ```suggestion
When using Plain's API to send emails or [create threads](https://www.plain.com/docs/graphql/threads/create), you can add file attachments.
```

This page outlines how to upload attachments programatically.

At a high level to upload attachments you:

- Make an API call to get an an upload url and some metadata
- You then upload your file, and metadata to that upload url.

> - Use the ID of the attachment you uploaded in other API calls (e.g. create an Event or send an email).

Author: ```suggestion
- Use the ID of the attachment you uploaded in other API calls (e.g. create a thread or send an email).
```
